I came from a rather large family.
We went to church from our youth on.
I guess I really stopped going to church
when I was a teenager.
I graduated from high school in 1965.
Since the Vietnam War was raging,
I knew I would have to make a decision.
I didn't want to fight in Vietnam
because I didn't want to get killed first of all.
And I didn't really want to be put in a position
where I might have to kill someone else.
And so I decided that the best thing for me to do
instead of trying to dodge the draft
was to join a form of the military
where I wouldn't have to fight.
I worked on airplanes.
Every night was an adventure.
You know, when you're off base,
you're either downtown with the black market,
the clubs, buying and selling drugs.
It was just a wild scene.
After my military service was over
and I was utterly discharged,
I went to one of the old clubs
that everybody used to go to.
And to my surprise,
one of the guys that I worked with
and the Air Force was there.
We got to talking.
And right there,
that very night we devised
this plan to go to Thailand.
And I got some drugs.
Two months later, that's what we did.
Just to get there,
we had to go through a channel
of waterways through the jungle.
When we got to this one little island
where this drug lord was,
we picked up the drugs
and when we got to the airport,
this Thai colonel
and the police force,
he put a 38 right here
and he told me,
please do not try to resist me.
So from there, of course,
we went to a jail,
a clung-prim prison,
right there in Thailand.
Life in clung-prim was pretty grim.
And so you only had got fear twice a day.
They wouldn't serve it to us.
They would put it out in the middle of the yard.
And you had to run for it.
Awful.
Two months.
I lost 130 pounds.
And so I had to fight.
It was crazy.
We had this British gentleman
come to visit us
while we were in prison.
And he told us that
he was from the American consulate
and that he wanted to help us.
And he said,
let me tell you something.
You're in a lot of trouble.
So as it turned out,
this man was the chief narcotics agent.
For the whole Southeast Asia area.
And he said,
I want you to work for me
as a special agent.
And so I told him,
okay, you know, I'll try it.
And then back to Okinawa.
And that's where I started to work
as an agent.
He said, you're not going to get paid.
You know, you're going to have to deal drugs to survive.
And along the way,
I set up drug dealers
who was dealing pretty big.
After a year of that,
and they reviewed my case
and they gave me an opportunity
to either keep working
as one of their special agents
so I got out of the business.
So I chose to get out of the business.
I had decided that I had to change my life.
I was disgusted
with the way I was living.
And so I was sitting in my apartment
late one afternoon and,
as a little lady, you know,
knocked on the door,
a little Japanese lady.
I went to the door
and I discerned
that she wasn't trying to hustle me for anything.
And so I invited her in.
And she was talking about God and the Bible.
And she had this little blue book, you know,
a truth at least to eternal life.
I said, sit to myself, here we go.
That's when everything began to make sense.
What now seems to me to be basic Bible doctrines
were like bombshells to me.
I mean, I was phenomenal
the way that one visit
changed my life that day,
that very day I knew that
that was the truth
and that I had to stick with it.
The very next week,
she came, took me to the
Theocratic school and service meeting
and I've been going every sense.
I realized that I had to
change my lifestyle completely.
I made rapid changes,
internal changes.
My whole thinking process has changed.
I was baptized on August 30th, 1974.
They I'll never forget.
The best thing for me to do
was to return home
and go to the local congregation there
where there will be, you know,
spiritually qualified men to help me
to continue to grow spiritually.
I really, really wanted to go to Bethel
and so I determined
that that's what I was going to do.
And so I made it a goal
and I stuck with it, you know,
for five years after I got home.
And finally, I got the privilege.
That privilege
that was extended to me
to come into serve at Bethel.
It stretched out to be 35 years
and I can't believe it.
Since serving here at Bethel,
I've served in a number of assignments.
Currently, I serve as a desk receptionist,
caring for building maintenance duties,
the occupants of the building,
greeting guests,
and just generally trying to be
as helpful as possible.
I mean, I think about
all the good things that Jehovah has done for me
and for my wife, Bonnie.
It's been phenomenal.
I've learned that you can't
really do anything in your own strength.
Jehovah, he searches the heart.
He looks for people who are
yearning for something better,
the direction that only he can give.
Sometimes I shudder
at the course I could have taken
on a number of occasions
that would have led to
a different outcome.
And so I'm very happy to be in the truth.
It is absolutely
the best way of life.
I don't know much,
but I do know this
that Jehovah is real.
He's very kind and merciful.
I do know that.